Update broadlink.markdown (#27420)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/broadlink.markdown

    Base64: b'sgAsAREhEBEhESERIREhIRARISIQESERIREgIhAhESERIRAiEBEhESERISEQIhARISERECERIiEQESEhEQABexAhEREhESEQIREhIhARISERESEQIREhIhAhESEQIhAhEREhESEQISIQIRERISEQESERISIQESEhEAABfBAhEREhECIQIREhIhARISERECIQIRIgIhAhESEQIhAiEBEhECIQISIQIhARISEQESIQISIQESEhEQABexAhEREhESEQIhAhIhARISIQESEQIhAhIhAiECERIRAiEBEhESERISEQIhARISERESEQISIQESEiEAABexEhEBEhESERIREhIREQISIQESERIREhIREhECIQIREhEBEhESERISERIRARIiEQESERISERESEhEAAF3AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA=='
    ```

2. To learn a button hold RF code, hold the button you wish to learn for 1-2 seconds then immediately press enter.  

>     * You will see the same prompts for a short press, as above, and should see it spit out a different base64 code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * You will see the same prompts for a short press as shown above. You should see it return a different base64 code.
```
